Here in this episode, man, we see something that we did
n't see in the previous episode. And on
top of that, it
seems to me that it leaves her
even worse than last year because she has
shown
certain documents, certain records
that belong to the dismissal
of her gender violence case with
Antonio David. No, and in these records, she looks
worse. I think that she is really
convinced of her alternative reality and they
are the records that she presents regarding the
dismissal of her criminal case with
Antonio David. Okay, what do we see
in this record that she also shows
in this episode as if it were
tangible proof that the judges make
mistakes. Even here, what she does is
criticize the prosecutor. I want to remind you of one
thing. Okay, and we can't make mistakes.
Okay, when Rocío Carrasco denounces
Antonio, at first, there is a
judge who does admit the case for processing,
but then there is a prosecutor who pulls
the judge's ear and succeeds. He
backs down, okay, then this is
appealed, the provincial court does not
admit it either and in the supreme court it is not valid either, that is why it is
said that it has passed through the hands
of six or seven judges, okay, because it is one judge, it
is one prosecutor, then there are three  in the
provincial court if I'm not mistaken I do
n't know if it's the provincial court again
that dismisses an appeal
and then the supreme court that the supreme court yes I don't
know how many judges there are the supreme court I don't
know if there are also three but I think it
could be it has passed through several hands not
the law itself We have already talked about it on
many occasions it has several
interpretations or in other words one judge can
interpret it differently than another
judge on many occasions no but well
look here the prosecutor evacuating the
transfer conferred to answer the
appeal filed against the
Order of July 13, 2018 by which it is
agreed to continue the proceedings through
the procedures of the abbreviated procedure
okay this is because there was a judge there was
a judge who pushed the case forward
that is to say it was the same on its own
grounds and it is in its interest that instead it is
agreed to file the proceedings
because the
existence of crimes of injury or
any other is not at all proven for the following reason and
now let's go reasons okay there are some
injuries Yes there are some injuries according to
some reports okay what cannot be
proven  under no circumstances is it that
these injuries have been caused by
Antonio David with the intention of
causing them to her for there to be a crime
of abuse crime of
gender violence there must be the intention of
Antonio David to crush her there must be
the intention to abuse it's not
that I have some injuries okay because
Rocío Carrasco takes out these papers as if
saying that there is a contradiction
because they are filing the case
when in reality there are some
judicial reports that do admit that she has
some injuries and that they could be
accredited by what her ex-partner
does on television let's see
really that you have some injuries
that you feel
psychologically unwell Yes of course you
behave as if you have anxiety you
behave with a state of mind that
could be depressive but this can
cause it what is they are telling you can it get
worse with what
Antonio David is doing Yes of
course okay if you are already unwell the
fact that he is giving you pa Well of course it
can it can it but it is not the
reason okay I mean you have many other
causes This is for me  you understand
vulgarly to see if I explain it well this way
okay but what she is
saying here is that the prosecutor
contradicts reality Because there are
some reports in which she does
have psychological damage this is as if
suddenly Isabel Pantoja has a boyfriend
when they break up Isabel Pantoja puts
the boyfriend in a sálvame de luz
then the boyfriend the ex boyfriend goes and responds
and for a while the two are
saying things to each other and they are criticizing each other
In addition to that they have both been
participants in the so-called pink press not
as it says here they have been
participants in raffles of a lot of
heart programs that they have gone to
together no they have even done interviews
together heart interviews and they have
sold exclusives even when their
children are born no this is as if suddenly
Isabel Pantoja starts putting him in a bad light she makes
him look bad but when he defends himself
the one who looks bad is her and He continues and He
continues the media interest continues He
continues going on television she also
leaks things about him that are on television
and he defends himself from those issues And
then she how are you tired of looking
bad because although she has tried
let the other person down in the end the one who looks
bad is her because she's the one who did
things wrong and is looking bad in
the media Oh well then they're
mistreating me Because look I'm having a
bad time psychologically, that's it, you
can't criticize me, name, this is not worth it
like what we have talked about when there are
colleagues who don't hesitate to
mess with
women's physique to criticize other colleagues
and for many other things but when it is
put to him and he is criticized he says
that it is harassment no name no So you are
acting like Rocío Carrasco that you are
feeling bad emotionally there are some
judicial reports I don't know how they are
assessed because I know that for
example physical damage and that they are
easy to prove in quote marks no
because physical damage man, well if
you have a broken arm you have a broken
arm, psychological damage the
experts will know how to assess it, I don't know
if you can just say that you are
depressed and then when you
turn around you are partying, I'm not going to get
into the work of psychiatrists and
psychologists okay but yes there are some
reports  who says that she's depressed, that she's already
bad, that she's having a bad time and that man
obviously and probably the fact that
he speaks badly about her
increases it but the fact that she also has
a bad situation with her family and she
has a bad economic situation, well
some economic alleles with the Treasury,
problems that she has with her children, you can't
call that abuse why
Because Antonio David is not
stalking you, he's not coming to
your house to insult you, he doesn't
call you on the phone to sleep with you, he
's not threatening you with
physical harm, they are criticisms, it's freedom of
expression. Hey, he's very annoying. Hey, he
's a playboy. Hey, it's that he doesn't stop
talking about her, okay, but it's not
abuse and here we have the reports. No,
since for her these situations
represent an important difficulty when it comes to
facing them with her
own personal mechanisms, for her she
has anxious depressive symptoms that
can be clinically connected with the
serious family situation that it represents
and with the negative statements that
the father of her children has been making,
okay, I mean, I can have a bad time because
I'm fighting with someone on
YouTube. Imagine that tomorrow  I start
fighting with Diego Arrabal. I criticize
him. I start to criticize him because I don't
like a video he made and Diego
Arrabal starts to criticize me and he
embarrasses me because he exposes things about
me that make me look bad. I could
suddenly have a
psychological situation that overwhelms me. How about that? But
Diego Arrabal is not mistreating me. I have
entered the media game. He is also
playing the same game. I don't think it's very
complicated. Okay, but pay attention, there's
more to come. Now the prosecutor also
says one thing: the statements of the
investigating judge, he highlights the most striking ones
that can be seen, I mean, imagine,
when Rocío Carrasco files the
lawsuits and files the complaint, she
takes what is supposed to be the
most serious of all the statements
that Antonio David makes. Of all the
statements, she takes the worst of what
she has scraped together. The prosecutor says that it
couldn't even constitute a
civil offense. And what the prosecutor says is real,
so real that Rocío Carrasco  has sued
civilly 16 or 17 times and has
lost them all and they are not the same judges
and the same prosecutors who now the
big stuff is worth it the prosecutor says without using
insults or revealing secret facts And
she says that Antonio bici has insulted
because he has made many covers this is
exactly the same argument that
some youtubers and some influencers use against me
to say that
I am harassing them because I made many
videos you have to see that you have made
20 videos you have to see that you have
made a thousand it does not matter if you are a
media and public figure I can
make 7 videos every day the problem
is not the number of videos okay she starts
to release a lot of Antonio covers it does not
matter the problem is not the number the
quantity is not the problem here we no longer
live in the time of Franco And we have
freedom of expression and we can speak as
much as we want the problem would be
that within the thousand of the thousand
covers there were insults threats
defamation slander that have been
demonstrated over the years
being sued that there are none therefore
the number of covers does not matter
look here for example there is a  there is a
comment from Antonio David that is ugly it
could be ugly but it does not insult her okay
Rocio maternal instinct and says Antonio
David maybe he does not have it there are
mothers who do not have it mothers who give birth
and throw their child in a
garbage container it is an assessment based on her
experience it is not an insult she says
that this is an insult for
example that as if the judges do not see
that these are insults it is not you know what
would be slander and damage to the
honor that Antonio Navío had said
Rosito throws her children out the window
as a youtuber said the other day no
that would be a lack of honor Rosito throws
her child in the garbage that would be
slander the way she says it it is
nothing the same it is that she does not have it
Antonio David is in his complete
right to think that Rocio Carrasco does not
have a maternal different it is that it is like that
objectively it is that this is what I am
telling you okay It is not to defend Antonio
David because you already know that when I have to
say something negative about him I say it is
that the way of saying it no it is not illegal
come on it is that  I simply refer to the facts,
Rocío Carrasco loses all the
lawsuits, there are many times in which there are
ways of saying things that you have to
swallow with potatoes, objectively,
it is like that, okay. And regarding the fact that
Antonio Avicii has not revealed secret facts, he
tells things that are from his
private life on some occasions, but for the
law, a crime of revealing a secret is
not that I tell, for example, when I
went to pick up my children from school, their
mother did not come. When I went to pick up
my children from school, my daughter told me
that she had not eaten that, although for
everyday language it is a secret, that you
are telling something intimate, it is not a
crime of revealing a secret, a
crime of revealing a secret is, for
example, that I show a call, some
audios that belong to a
private conversation and that violate
someone's privacy, that is a crime of
revealing a secret, that is why Rocío
Carrasco does not agree here because
the law does not work literally
like the Spanish language, for example,
okay. Although from a medical point of view, the fact
that the accused talks about the
complainant in the so-called Rosa press
may be a factor that  aggravate their
symptoms they do not mean that
legally the accused has to
answer for a crime of injury this
is super simple Although from a
medical point of view It is true that the
conflict you have with your ex
in the media and that he is leaving you
because he is right affects you
psychologically does not mean that he
is mistreating you does not mean that
he is responsible for a crime of
injury it is very simple if someone does not
understand or does not agree they
can send me an audio or they can intervene
okay but it is very simple but above
all the forensic medical assessment of
a possible recording of the
psychiatric illness as a consequence of the
comments of the accused is not a
sufficient element to support the
existence of a crime of injury
because it is based on a premise the
sincerity of his testimony and the
absence of spurious intent that does not
occur Rocío Carrasco complains about this
and to me this seems like a brutal role
that leaves her on the ground the
prosecutor who is the only good one the only one no
the judges also no but we
when we have seen the documentary of
Rocío Carrasco we have not seen all the
documents without  Cesar when we have
seen the documentary of Rocio
Carrasco we have seen what they wanted
as the judges
of the superior court of justice said in the
lawsuit filed by Antonio David the
television factory in the documentary of
Rocio Carrasco we have not seen
facts past in something you see or real
we have seen information blinded and from a
partisan and interested What does this mean that
this paper is brutal do not you realize
how brutal this paper is
here what the prosecutor is telling you
is that Antonio David this is being
told to you in a car a prosecutor a prosecutor
is telling you in a car okay here what
the prosecutor is telling you is that
Antonio David is not defaming that his
testimony is based on sincerity and
that there is no spurious intention What would be a
spurious intention what they see in Rocio
Carrasco with this complaint both
her representation that is to say her
lawyers as well as she herself have tried
from the beginning of the case to hide an
element that necessarily has to be taken
into account and that is that a month
before Rocio Carrasco reported
abuse Antonio David puts her to  She is
suing him for 5,000
euros to support the children.
In addition, this ruling seems brutal to me. I don't
know if it's called a ruling, okay, it's a written statement from the
prosecutor. But well, it's a written statement from
a prosecutor, okay. And this seems
brutal to me. Because here, in addition, they have inadvertently
revealed something else that I
missed. If this has ever been talked about, it
escapes me.
Antonio David is asking her for 5,000 euros in
child support. I think it's
outrageous, I mean, I know that child support should
be focused on ensuring that
the children maintain the same standard of
living that they had at home, the common house,
but 5,000 euros for the two children,
damn it, seems crazy to me what he
's demanding, especially when, you
know, Rocío Carrasco has the right
by law because of what happened with Rocío Flores
to take away her support and even
the inheritance. Here, he also states something else that's
quite interesting: this lawsuit
was partially estimated,
partially estimated. It's that they have accepted some
of the plaintiff's claims. Okay,
in this case, Antonio David, I think that  the
result of the partial estimate is the
maintenance of 200 and some euros to the
son that she does not pay But prepare yourselves
because the hard stuff is coming prepared,
what the legal operator has to do
is analyze if it can be stated
objectively and with a minimum of
rigor that it is Antonio David's comments
and not the other
unfavorable circumstances that affect the
complainant in his life okay or so
basically here the prosecutor is
telling the judge listen to me for there to
be a crime of abuse it has to
be that Antonio David has been
insulting her crushing her assaulting her
threatening her and that is what has
caused her psychological or
psychiatric situation and not the other things that
life has and he says among others the
lack of relationship with his children and a large
part of the family of origin that
remains lack of profession and employment or
high tax debts okay And now
here comes the brutal part I have taken
the notes here and I am going to tell you okay
here Rocío Carrasco gets very angry with
this part and says I am going to take you apart by
saying this to the prosecutor okay the prosecutor  he
's telling her Look listen to me Yes this
woman has this psychiatric damage she is
psychologically ill But this doesn't have to be
caused by Antonio David
yes it's true that the situation with
Antonio vi and he's saying he makes it worse for the
dishes it can make it worse it
can make it worse but it has to be proven
that this man is mistreating her
you never know if this situation she has
isn't due to other circumstances Like for
example this this and this and Rosito takes it and
says Well look I'm going to take you apart Point
by point because the prosecutor Here he is
wrong what he does Is that all
these circumstances that
the prosecutor uses as an example are Antonio
David's fault the lack of profession that is not
fault so much in life here what he does
is a super cheap demagoguery because he
says Rosito then all the women
who are victims of gender violence
if they don't have a job they are not victims how
strong it seems to me we put
all the abused women in a horrible situation
what a disgusting situation for
abused women not to be protected
we are in this country before the law no and it's
like No Rosita no no no no no Calm down
Calm down Rosita, it's not that all
women who have been abused if they don't
have a job are not believed. No no no no no
here you are totally taking
what you are saying out of context musical and you
are reducing it to the ridiculous
when we talk about victims of
gender violence who are not working When
we talk about all the
abused women who are not working they
have to be women who have been
abused women whose partners have
threatened Give me the children or I'll hit you
goat I'm going to make your life
impossible I don't know what you are calling
abuse when your partner tells his
experiences on television and besides he
is not telling you not to believe you because you don't have a
job you're giving yourself several
examples it relaxes you Okay and I say senile
because she is super ordinary eh in the
documentary in this documentary we not
only have the she doesn't have a [ __ ] but
in this documentary she says that she
has all the [ __ ] that Olga doesn't have that
she has given birth to her children from the same
[ __ ] that Olga doesn't have and she says it with
those words man in a
paid documentary and she is going to say this later on
public television But well lack of
relationship with  her children and she says and she
remains so calm okay the lack of
relationship between my children the lack of
relationship with my children where does it come from
who provokes it who teaches my
daughter to hit me Who won't give me
back my son for my wedding and
never give him back to me I leave the
relationship with my children so I
leave her and here she is obviously lying
Here she is obviously lying Okay she
says again because I already said this in
the other documentary and this is not real she
said again that the daughter hits her
controlled by Antonio David or rather as if
Antonio David had control over the
daughter and was controlling her and he tells her the x
is a slap the circle a kick and
Antonio David is like this
The problem is that you have a bad
relationship with your daughter and the problem is
that your daughter did something very serious but she
didn't hit you sent by Antonio David she didn't
hit you sent by Antonio David that is
a conclusion that you draw I cannot
put a man in jail for
gender violence because 10
years ago your daughter hit you as has happened in
many families in even
worse episodes that is not that I justify it  what
the girl did is terrible that should never
happen in a family But
you can't just take a man and put him
in jail because you say that the
beating the girl gave you was ordered
by the father And regarding the son
There is one thing that we have to recognize And that
is that Antonio David had to comply with
the law and he had to return the son
when the judge told him to When the judge
ordered him to Antonio David has to
return the son to the mother Antonia
came disobeys I don't understand that
because it is like that I think he played with
the deadlines that the son was about to
come of age and he
wanted to stay there but Antonio David if
the judge said that he has to
return him he had to return him now
well he will never return him he didn't
return him to you for the wedding to me even to
me A couple comes up with the idea of ​​not bringing
one of my sons to me when they have to bring him to me
and when on top of that I have gone for What is legal
like civilized people and I have
won I fit in in Malaga not as if he
lives in the North Pole it was what the child
wanted that must be done too  keep it in
mind what happens is that while he was a
minor family if we respect the law we
respect it if the judge said that Antonio
David had to return the child on such a
date he had to return him that the child
wanted to stay with the father okay Yes yes
we agree on that but I
fit in where necessary and I go for the
son on a scooter if necessary that mini
totally now comes the final saska
okay here you have it okay here you have it I have
been taking notes and now comes the
final taker the family relationships
These are the literal words of Rosito
these are the literal words of Rosito
Okay he says what do these people know what does
this prosecutor know the family that I have to me
what all these people say I don't give a damn
Well I think I don't give a damn it's not literal
this mob doesn't cause me any
harm I'll give you a minute to reflect and
if not I'll explain it to you Rosito if you
are telling us that what they have been
saying on television this mob
or is your media family Amador
Ortega Raquel Mosquera Gloria Camila
Rosa Benito if you are telling me that
what  this mob has been saying on television, it does
n't cause you any
psychological damage How the [ __ ] does
Antonio David cause it to you honey how does
Antonio David cause it to you if you don't care and he doesn't
cause you any harm and no evil what
these people tell you they tell you things
so many infinitely worse how are you
telling me that Antonio David does
cause you psychological damage now do you
understand why the judge has
dismissed the case she has just ruled in favor of
the judges trying to criticize
the prosecutor she has shot herself on
top of that this is scripted on top of that they have
scripted it they have recorded it they have
edited it they should have told her
[ __ ] Shut your mouth here my Shut your
mouth because you are reporting that
Antonio David is being mistreated with everything he has
said in all the programs and
now your family is saying the same thing
even with a worse tone because I have
told you that then you have found the
excuse that the family has taken a
stand with the children and I buy it
eh totally respect your opinion
really I mean here we are as a family
debating okay this as if
we were at home eating all
together gathered and we are  debating
okay I totally buy it okay But
if what your uncle Amador says doesn't hurt you
if
what Ortega Cano says that Antonio David is supporting doesn't hurt you if what
Gloria Camila says that
Antonio David also supports doesn't hurt you then what the
[ __ ] does to you what hurts you what hurts you not being right
what hurts you is not what these
people say Because on top of that these people say it
with a much worse tone, I mean look at
you Raquel Mosquera started saying that
Rosito in a fight with her father is more
Raquel Mosquera said on a Sálvame
deluxe that Rosito's father called her a
daughter of a [ __ ] Raquel Mosquera started
saying that Rosito in her mother in that
conversation Amador Mohedano has accused
Fidel and Rosito of mistreatment for
locking up the children and not letting him go out
to pee and Gloria Camila was going to understand
that you are a bad mother, a bad sister
and a bad relative what did
Antonio David say that  You have been
caused psychiatric damage,
neither what your media family says
nor what Antonio David says hurts you
because the only thing that hurts you is the
Fidel thing, what hurts you is not
getting your way because you are a
spoiled and capricious girl that you have had
since you were born for everything that
you have wanted
[Music]